bfield_file          = field

player1_name         = komar
player1_fort_file    = exl
player1_fort_pos     = 8 11 

player2_name         = kupka
player2_fort_file    = exr
player2_fort_pos     = 66 11 


weapon1_name         = bazooka
weapon1_force        = 30
weapon1_radius       = 1.5
weapon1_limit        = -1

weapon2_name         = driller
weapon2_force        = 40
weapon2_radius       = 1.5
weapon2_drill        = 3
weapon2_limit        = 2

weapon3_name         = bob
weapon3_force        = -30
weapon3_radius       = 1.3
weapon3_limit        = 2

weapon4_name         = bomb
weapon4_force        = 120
weapon4_radius       = 3
weapon4_limit        = 1

weapon5_name         = multi
weapon5_force        = 30
weapon5_radius       = 1
weapon5_amount       = 5
weapon5_limit        = 2
